something  in  return.Hags  make  bargains differently from how devils operate. A devilmight approach a mortal to make a deal because it wants the individual tobecome tainted with evil,  so  that  when  the  victimdies its soul goes to the Nine Hells. Hags  are  usually content towait  and  conduct their  own business, allowingmortals  to come to  them when  the  perceivedneed  is  great  enough. Instead  of being interested in amortal's soul, a  hag  wants  to bring the mortal low during itslife  as  compensation for fulfilling  her  end  ofthe bargain. Devils  barter  with  the  soul  asthe  commodity;  hags  barter  because  they enjoymaking people miserable. Night hags,  as  fey  turnedfiends,  use aspects  of both  methods-corrupting  amortal' s  dreams until  the  creature  commits enough evilacts  that  she  can claim its soul.As much  as  she  enjoys offering  andenforcing  her  bargains, a  hag  rarely goes out lookingfor people to  make deals with because  she  knowsthat  someone coming to  her  puts  her  in a positionof power.  The  visitor likely had to approach  thehag  in  secret  for fear of causing  an uproar  intown,  and  is probably  eager  to  return  homebefore being missed, which adds time  pressure  to  theprocess  and  tips  the  balance more in  thehag's favor. All these  factors contribute to the  hag's  beingable to  set  her terms  for  the  bargain,presenting  an  offer  that  appears reasonable, andperhaps  seems  to have a tempting loophole  or  twothat  the  mortal could exploit.Hags  understand  mortal  desires  and  vices,and  know how to manipulate people by preying  on  thosequalities. A hag's bargain might bring  success  and  prosperityfor a time, but eventually have a drawback  or  side effectthat  makes  the  mortal  resent  theagreement  and  seek to get out of it.  The  philanderingspouse now happy to stay home might grow slothful, the mayor's fathermight  turn  violent after regaining his  senses,and  the merchant's child might relapse if not treated again every fewmonths.Even  when  a bargain  turns  sour  for a mortaland  other people in town  hear  about  or  seethe  person's misfortune,  the  hag  will eventuallyattract  new  customers. Other people will come to believethat  they  can  outsmart the  hag,  orthat  their  need  is simple  and  can't beperverted,  or  that  the earlier victims got too greedywhen they  were  proposing a deal. Even  if  only oneor  two people make deals with a  hag  every year, over timemany unfortunates  can  come  under  hersway-and  she  remembers  the exact  terms  of everyone of those bargains.出于欲望MAKING  A  DEAL  OUT  OF  DESIRE尽管有人认为和鬼婆做交易没有任何好处，但如果凡人能提供鬼婆需要或者想要的什么东西，他们就更有可能完好地从中脱身这种情况下，鬼婆甚至可能开始出价当鬼婆面临敌人的严重威胁时，她们会毫不犹豫地使用承诺或者贿赂来缓解局势例如，一个鬼婆巢穴中的大多数宝藏在没有她关于如何识别和处理它们的知识情况下都是无用的，因此她可能会提供这些信息作为她性命的交换如果一个物品后来对其使用者产生了适得其反的效果，或者实际被某种方式诅咒，这就是为什么永远不要威胁或信任一个鬼婆的另一个教训引用在特别需要的时候，鬼婆常常意想不到地出现，因为她们总是监视和寻找一个提供帮助的机会，并为以后埋下更黑暗的祸根Hags often appear unlooked. For，in moments of great need，because they havebeen spying and see an opportunity to aid now  to set up darker mischieflater  .-ELMINSTER鬼婆对其他强大的生物充满好奇他们喜欢收到关于其他鬼婆和有影响力的生物，如龙、恶魔、巨灵和某些凡人的新闻和流言作为一笔交易的一部分，向她提供这类准确的信息会赢得她一小部分的尊重，并可能让她更容易接受“公平”交易的想法当鬼婆与其他妖精荒野的生物做交易时，她会用比对凡人更加尊敬的方式来对待她知道来自她故土的生物比普通的类人生物更加强大，因为交易破裂而失望或者愤怒时也更加危险精类也十分长寿，因此有更多的时间来对鬼婆进行报复，而大多数类人生物会在短短十多年内死亡这些考虑并不意味着鬼婆在与其他精类打交道时会自然而然地变得友好，只不过他们在提供的交易中并没有那么明目张胆或苛求；鬼婆确切地知道自己能逃脱多少惩罚，而且他们喜欢挑战别人所能容忍的极限there's  no good time to make a bargain with a hag,  mortalsare  more likely to get away in good  shape  if they offer upsomething a  hag needs  or  wants. In  such  acase,  the  hag  might even  start the  bidding.A  hag  that faces a serious  threat  from enemies will nothesitate to use promises  or  bribes  to defuse  thesituation.  For  instance, most  treasures  in a hag's lairare useless without  her  knowledge  of  how toidentify  and handle them,  so  she might offer to providesuch  information in  return  for  her  life.If  an  item later backfires  on the  one whouses  it,  or  turns  out to  be  cursedin  some way, that's  just  another  lesson in why never tonever threaten  or  trust  a hag.Hags  are  curious about  other  creatures  of power.They enjoy receiving news  and  gossip about other hags  andinfluential  creatures  such  as  dragons, demons, genies,and certain mortals. Offering a hag accurate information of thissort  as  part  of a bargain  earns  a smallmeasure  of  her  respect,  and  might makeher  more receptive to the idea of a "fair" deal.When  a hag bargains with  other  creatures  ofthe  Feywild,  rather  than mortals,  she  approachesthe situation with a more respectful attitude.  She  realizesthat  the creatures  of  her  native realm  aremore powerful than common humanoids and therefore more dangerous whendisappointed or angered by a deal gone bad. Fey are  also long-livedand  thus have more time to retaliate against the hag,  whereasmost humanoids die within a few  short  decades.  Theseconsiderations don't  mean that hags  are  automaticallypleasant in dealings with other  fey,  just  that theyaren't  as  blatant or demanding in  the  bargains they