冰风谷：冰霜少女的雾凇.html
如意箱 Abracadabrus
Wondrous item, very rare
An
abracadabrus is an ornate gemstone studded wooden chest that weighs 25 pounds
while empty. Its interior compartment is a cube measuring 1½ feet on a side.
The chest
has 20 charges. A creature can use an action to touch the closed lid of the chest
and expend 1 of the chest's charges while naming one or more non-magical
objects (including raw materials, foodstuffs and liquids) worth a total of 1 gp
or less. The named objects magically appear in the chest, provided they can all
fit inside it and the chest doesn't contain anything else. For example the
chest can conjure a plate of strawberries, a bowl of bot soup, a flagon of
water, a stuffed animal or a bag of twenty caltrops. Food and drink conjured by
the chest are delicious, and they spoil if not consumed after 24 hours. Gems
and precious metals created by the chest disappear after 1 minute.
The chest
regains 1d20 expended charges daily at dawn. If the item's last charge is
expended, roll a d20. On a 1, the chest loses its magic (becoming an ordinary
chest), and its gemstones turn to dust.
奇物，非常稀有
如意箱是一个装饰豪华且镶嵌有宝石的木质箱子，空无一物时重25磅。其内部空间约是一个边长1.5尺的立方体。
该箱子共有20发充能。一个生物可以以一个动作触摸它紧闭着的盖子并消耗1发充能，同时宣言总价值不超过1gp的一个或多个非魔法物件（包括原料、食物以及液体）的名字。若被宣言的物件能被放置在箱子里，则它们魔法般地出现在其中（且其中没有其他物品）。例如，它可以变出一盘草莓、一碗肉汤、一壶水、一件动物标本或是一袋铁蒺藜（20个）。该箱子变出的食物和饮料十分美味，但若在24小时后仍未被食用就会腐败变质，它创造的宝石以及贵金属则会在一分钟后消失。
该箱子在每天黎明时会恢复1d20发已消耗的充能次数。若你耗尽它的最后一发充能，骰一次d20。骰值为1时，它失去它的魔法（变成一个普通箱子），且镶嵌于其上的宝石将化为尘土。
丰盛之锅 Cauldron of Plenty
Wondrous item, rare
This
cauldron is made of thick copper that has turned green with age. It is 4 feet
wide, has a mouth 3½ feet in diameter, weighs 50 pounds, and can hold up to 30
gallons of liquid. Embossed on its bulging sides are images of satyrs and
nymphs in repose, holding ladles. The cauldron comes with a lid and has side
handles. It sits on five little clawed feet that keep it from tipping.
If water is
poured into the cauldron and stirred for 1 minute, it transforms into a hearty,
hot stew, which can provide one nourishing meal for up to four people per
gallon. The stew remains hot while in the cauldron, then cools naturally after
it is removed. The outside of the cauldron remains safe to touch despite the
heat of the stew.
The cauldron
can create stew three times. It then ceases to function until the next dawn,
when it regains all its uses.
奇物，稀有
丰盛之锅是一口粗铜制的大锅，随着时间流逝，它表面的铜质已经变成绿色。它宽4尺，重50磅，锅口直径3.5尺，最多能装下30加仑的液体。它鼓起的侧面上刻着浮雕，图样为手持长勺、正在歇息的半羊人与宁芙们。这口大锅附有盖子与把手，下面还有五个防止倾斜的带爪支足。
如果把水倒进锅里并搅拌1分钟，水就会变成一锅又热又丰盛的炖菜。每加仑水可为四个人提供一顿滋补餐。这些炖菜在锅里时将保持热度，取出后则会自然冷却。尽管炖菜很烫，但锅的外表仍然可以被安全地触碰。
这口大锅可以制造三次炖菜，次数消耗完毕后它将停止工作。第二天的黎明时，它恢复所有可用次数。
渔夫的喜悦之钩 Hook of Fisher's Delight
Wondrous item, rare
This tiny silver fishhook has a little gold
feather attached to it. For it to function, the feathered hook must be tied to
the end of a fishing line and immersed in enough water to fill at least a
10-foot cube. At the end of each uninterrupted hour of immersion, roll a d6. On
a 6, a floppy 6 inch long magical fish appears on the end of the hook. The
color and properties of  the conjured fish are determined by rolling on
the Hook of Fisher's Delight table. Once the hook conjures a fish, it can't do
so again until the next dawn.
Hook of Fisher's Delight
d20
Fish
Color
Magical Property
1~10     Green with
copper bands  This tasty fish provides a day's worth of nourishment to one
creature that eats it. The fish loses this property and rots if it's not eaten
within 24 hours of being caught.
11~14   Yellow with black
stripes    Once removed from the hook, this awful tasting fish
can be thrown up to 120 feet, targeting a creature the thrower can see. The
target must succeed on a DC15 strength saving throw or be knocked prone. The
fish then disappears.
15~18   Blue with white
bands        When released from the hook,
this fish squirms free, sprouts wings, follows you around, and sings a
beautiful tune in Aquan. It disappears after 2d4 hours or when reduced to 0 hit
points. The fish uses the quipper stat block, except that it can breath air and
has a flying speed of 30 feet.
19~20   Gold with silver
stripes       This tasty fish provides a day's
worth of nourishment to one creature that eats it and grants 2d10 temporary hit
points to that creature. The fish loses these properties and rots if it's not
eaten within 24 hours of being caught.
奇物，稀有
这个小小的银色鱼钩上附有一根金色小羽毛。为使其产生效果，你必须将它系在鱼线的末端并沉入足够大的水域中（至少10立方尺）。每当你不间断地将其沉入水中1小时，骰一次d6。骰值为6时，一条6寸长的魔法鱼耷拉在鱼钩尾部。被变出的鱼的颜色和效应由下表的掷骰决定。一旦该鱼钩变出了鱼，直到第二天黎明时，它都不能再如此做。
d20     鱼的颜色
魔法效应
1~10   绿色，带有铜色条纹  这条美味的鱼可以为吃掉它的生物满足一整天的营养需求。若在被抓到24小时后仍未被食用，这条鱼将失去该效应并腐烂。
11~14 黄色，带有黑色条纹
当被从鱼钩上取下后，这条难吃的鱼可以用来投掷。指定120尺内投掷者能看见的一个生物，该生物必须进行一次DC15的力量豁免。豁免失败者将被击倒地。随后这条鱼消失。
15~18 蓝色，带有白色条纹
当被从鱼钩上释放后，这条鱼将长出翅膀跟着你自由地舞动，并用水族语歌唱一曲优美的旋律。2d4小时后或生命值降为0时，它将消失。这条鱼使用食人鱼Quipper的数值，但它可以在空气中呼吸且拥有30尺的飞行速度。
19~20 金色，带有银色条纹
这条美味的鱼可以为吃掉它的生物满足一整天的营养需求，并为该生物提供2d10临时生命。若在被抓到24小时后仍未被食用，这条鱼将失去该效应并腐烂。
追踪提灯 Lantern of Tracking
Wondrous item, common
This hooded
lantern burns for 6 hours on 1 pint of oil shedding bright light in a 30-foot
radius and dim light for an additional 30 feet.
Each Lantern
of Tracking is designed to track down a certain type of creature, which is
determined by rolling on the Lantern of Tracking table. Once determined, this
creature type can't be changed. While the Lantern is within 300 feet of any
creature of that type, its flame turns bright green. The lantern doesn't
pinpoint the creature's exact location, however.
d10 Creature Type
1     Aberrations
2     Celestials
3     Constructs
4     Dragons
5     Elementals
6     Fey
7     Fiends
8     Giants
9     Monstrosities
10   Undead
奇物，普通
这个附有灯罩的提灯在点燃后每6小时消耗1品脱的灯油。它提供30尺的明亮光照以及其外30尺的微光光照。
每个追踪提灯都被设计成用来发现某种生物的踪迹，具体类型由下表的掷骰决定。追踪的生物类型一旦被确定便不能再更改。当提灯距符合其类型的生物300尺以内时，它的火焰将变为亮绿色。不过，该提灯并不能精确定位那些生物的位置。
d10 生物类型
1     异怪
2     天界生物
3     构装生物
4     龙类
5     元素生物
6     精类
7     邪魔
8     巨人
9     怪兽
10   不死生物
法球教授 Professor Orb
Wondrous item, rare
A Professor
Orb is a smooth 5 pound sphere of smoky gray quartz about the size of  a
grapefruit. Close examination reveals two or more pinpricks of silver light coming
from deep inside the sphere.
The orb is
sentient and has the personality of a scholar. Its alignment is determined by
rolling on the alignment table in the "Sentient Magic Items" section
in the Dungeon Master's Guide. Regardless of its alignment, the orb has an
Intelligence of 18, and Wisdom and Charisma scores determined by rolling 3d6
for each ability. The orb speaks, reads and understands four languages, and it
can see and hear normally out to a ran of 60 feet. Unlike most other sentient
items, the orb has no goals of its own and can't initiate a conflict with the
creature in possession of it.
The orb has
extensive knowledge of four narrow academic subjects. When making an
Intelligence check to recall lore from any of its areas of expertise, the orb
has a +9 bonus to its roll (including its intelligence modifier).
In addition
to the knowledge it possesses, the orb can cast the mage hand cantrip at will.
It uses the spell only to transport itself. Its spellcasting ability is
Intelligence.
Professor
Skant. The professor orb owned by Vellynne Harpell and stolen by Nass Lantomir
calls itself Professor Skant. It is lawful good, and it has a Wisdom of 11 and
a Charisma of 9. It speaks and reads Common, Draconic, Elvish and Loross (the
dead language of the Empire of Netheril). Professor Skant is a chatterbox and
assumes all humanoids are dunderheads. When elaborating on its areas of
expertise, it adopts an unintentionally patronizing tone. It has the following
four areas of expertise.
●The history of Netheril (see the
"Fate of Netheril" sidebar on page 232).
●Vampirism and the traits of vampires.
●Rituals surrounding the making, bottling
and drinking of Elverquisst (a rare, ruby colored elven liquor distilled from
sunshine and rare summer fruits).
●The tarrasque (see the Monster Manual).
奇物，稀有
法球教授是一个烟灰色的石英质球体，表面光滑，重5磅，大小如同一个柚子。仔细观察它会发现上面有两个或更多小孔，透着从球体内部深处射出的银光。
该球体拥有智能，且有着学者般的个性。它的阵营由城主指南的“智能魔法物品”记述的阵营表掷骰决定。不管它的阵营为何，它都将拥有18智力以及由骰3d6决定的感知与魅力。该法球能说、读和理解四门语言，还拥有60尺的正常视觉与听觉。与许多其他智能物品不同，它没有自身的目标，并且不能反抗持有它的生物。
该法球对四种偏僻的知识有着相当广博的了解。当它为从其专业领域中回忆相关知识而进行一次智力检定时，它的掷骰得到+9加值（包括其智力调整值）。
除了它所拥有的知识外，该法球还能随意施展法师之手mage hand戏法，但它只会在需要移动自身时使用该法术。它的施法属性为智力。
Skant教授
这一原本为Vellynne Harpell所有，后却被Nass
Lantomir偷走的法球教授自称为Skant教授，其阵营是守序善良，且拥有11感知和9魅力。它能说、读和理解通用语、龙语、精灵语和罗洛斯语（耐色帝国使用的死语言）。Skant教授是个不折不扣的话痨，还认为所有类人生物都是傻瓜。在其专业领域发表言论时，它将使用一种在无意中高人一等的语气。它拥有以下四个专业领域。
●耐色瑞尔的历史（见P232的“耐色瑞尔的命运”边栏）。
●吸血鬼的行为及特征。
●制作、装瓶以及品尝虹影酒（一种稀有的红宝石色精灵烈酒，由日光和夏季水果蒸馏制成）。
●泰拉斯奎巨兽Tarrasque（见怪物图鉴）。
灵能水晶 Psi Crystal
Wondrous item, uncommon (requires
attunement by a creature with an Intelligence score of 3 or higher).
This crystal
grants you telepathy for as long as you remain attuned to it. See the
introduction of the Monster Manual for rules on how the telepathy works. The
crystal also glows with a purplish inner light while you are attuned to it. The
higher your intelligence, the greater the light's intensity and the greater the
range of the telepathy (see the Psi Crystal Properties table).
Psi Crystal Properties
Intelligence Score    Range
of Telepathy    Light Intensity
3~7
15
feet
Dim light out to a range of 5 feet
8~11
30
feet
Bright light in a 5-foot radius and dim light for an additional 5 feet
12~15
60
feet
Bright light in a 10-foot radius and dim light for an additional 10 feet
16 or
higher
120
feet
Bright light in a 15-foot radius and dim light for an additional 15 feet
奇物，非普通（需智力为3或更高的生物同调）
只要你仍与该水晶同调，你得到心灵感应Telepathy能力。关于该能力的相关规则，请查阅怪物图鉴中的介绍。当你与它同调时，该水晶还会与你的内心相感应，从而散发出紫色的心灵之光。你的智力越高，它所能产生的光芒就越强烈，心灵感应的范围也就越大（见下表）。
灵能水晶效应表
智力
心灵感应范围     照明强度
3~7
15尺
5尺微光光照
8~11
30尺
5尺明亮光照以及其外5尺微光光照
12~15      60尺
10尺明亮光照以及其外10尺微光光照
16+
120尺
15尺明亮光照以及其外15尺微光光照
召唤泰拉斯奎巨兽卷轴 Scroll of Tarrasque Summoning
Scroll, legendary
Using an
action to read the scroll causes the Tarrasque (see the creature's entry in the
Monster Manual) to appear in an unoccupied space you can see within 1 mile of
you. The Tarrasque disappears when it drops to 0 hit points and is hostile
toward all creatures other than itself.
卷轴，传说
以一个动作阅读这张卷轴将会令泰拉斯奎巨兽Tarrasque（见怪物图鉴中的相应生物条目）显现在你1里范围内可见的一处未被占据的空间。它对除它自身以外的所有生物都抱有敌意，且在生命值降至0时消失。
彗星卷轴 Scroll of the Comet
Scroll, legendary
By using an
action to read the scroll, you cause a comet to fall from the sky and crash to
the ground at a point you can see up to 1 mile away from you. You must be
outdoors when you use the scroll, or nothing happens and the scroll is wasted.
The comet
creates a 50-foot deep, 500-foot radius crater on impact. Any creature in that
radius must make a DC20 Dexterity saving throw, taking 30d10 force damage on a
faded saving throw, or half as much damage on a successful one. All structures
in the crater are destroyed, as are all nonmagical objects that aren't being
worn or held.
卷轴，传说
若你以一个动作阅读这张卷轴，一颗从天而降的彗星坠落在你1里范围内可见的地面上的一点。你必须在室外使用这张卷轴，否则什么都不会发生，且卷轴将被浪费。
彗星在撞击时会创造一个深50尺、半径500尺的陨石坑。该半径范围内的所有生物必须进行一次DC20的敏捷豁免。豁免失败者将受到30d10的力场伤害，豁免成功则伤害减半。陨石坑中的所有建筑物以及所有未被穿着或携带的非魔法物件亦将被摧毁。
热能方块 Thermal Cube
Wondrous item, common
This 3-inch
cube of solid brimstone generates enough dry heat to keep the temperature
within 15 feet of it at 95 degrees Fahrenheit (35 degrees celsius).
奇物，普通
这个3立方寸大小的固体硫磺石可以产生足量的干热，以此将15尺范围内的气温保持在95华氏度（35摄氏度）。
伊瑟琳城密瑟能核 Ythryn Mythallar
Wondrous item, legendary (requires
attunement by a spellcaster).
A Mythallar
looks like an enormous crystal ball held in an ornate cradle. The globe sheds
bright light in a 300-foot radius and dim light for an additional 300 feet. The
globe draws magic from the Weave that can be harnessed for various purposes.
For example,  Netherese mages used Mythallars to keep their cities aloft
and empower their magic items. The bigger the mythallar, the more magic it can
hold. The largest Mythallars are 150 feet in diameter.
The Ythryn
Mythallar is a relatively small device—a mere 50 feet in diameter. To attune to
this Mythallar, a creature must finish a short rest within 30 feet of it,
meditating on the Mythallar. Up to eight creatures can be attuned to it at one
time, otherwise, the Ythryn Mythallar follows the attunement rules in the
Dungeon Master's Guide. If a ninth creature tries to attune to the Mythallar,
nothing happens.
All
creatures attuned  to the Ythryn Mythallar can sense when the device is
being used. A creature attuned to the device can use any of its properties, but
only if all other creatures attuned to the device agree to allow it. The Ythryn
Mythallar's properties are as follows.
●While you're on the same plane of
existence as the Ythryn Mythallar, you can use an action to cause it to fly in
any direction you choose at a speed of 30 feet. All matter within 500 feet of
the device moves with it. The Ythryn Mythallar and all structures held aloft by
it hover in place when not in motion.
●As an action, you can cause one magic item
you are holding within 30 feet of the Ythryn Mythallar to immediately regain
all its expended charges or uses. A magic item recharged in this manner can't
be recharged by the Ythryn Mythallar again until after the item regains
expended charges or uses on its own.
●You can use the Ythryn Mythallar to cast
the control weather spell without requiring any component and without the need
for you to be outdoors. This casting of the spell has a 50-mile radius. For the
duration of the spell's casting time, you must be within 30 feets of the Ythryn
Mythallar or the spell fails.
Touching the
Mythallar. Any creature that touches the globe of the Mythallar must make a
DC22 constitution saving throw, taking 180 (20d10+70) radiant damage on a
failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. Undead have
disadvantage on this saving throw. Any object that touches the globe, other
than an artifact of the Mythallar's cradle, its disintegrated instantly (no
save).
奇物，传说（需施法者同调）
密瑟能核是一个放置于华丽托架上的巨大水晶球。它提供300尺的明亮光照以及其外300尺的微光光照。密瑟能核可以从魔网中汲取魔力以用于多种目的。例如，耐色人的法师们借助其力量来让他们的城市悬浮于高空之中，并且使用它向物品们赋予魔法。密瑟能核的体积越大，它所能掌控的魔力就越多。最大的密瑟能核直径约有150尺。
伊瑟琳城的密瑟能核则是一个相对较小的装置，直径只有50尺。为了与其同调，一名生物必须在距它30尺内完成一次短休且在此期间对其进行冥想。它最多可以与八个生物同时保持同调，但在此之外仍然遵循城主指南中关于同调的规则。若第九名生物试图与之同调，则什么都不会发生。
所有与该密瑟能核同调的生物都能在该装置被使用时感知到此事。与其同调的生物可以在其他所有与之同调的生物同意的前提下使用以下任意一种效应。它的效应如下。
●当你与该密瑟能核处于同一位面时，你可以以一个动作命令它以30尺的速度飞向你所选择的任一方向，此时它周围500尺内的所有事物都将与它一同被移动。若它们不再移动，该密瑟能核与那些建筑物将保持悬浮在空中。
●以一个动作，你可以使距该密瑟能核30尺内你所携带的一件魔法物品立刻恢复它已消耗的全部充能次数或使用次数。以此法被恢复次数的魔法物品不能再次受到这个效应的影响，直到它以自身的方法恢复其充能次数或使用次数为止。
●你可以使用该密瑟能核释放操控天气Control Weather法术，不需要任何法术成分也不需要身处户外。该法术的施法距离变为半径50里。在施展此法术时，你必须保持在该密瑟能核30尺范围内，否则此法术将失败。
触碰密瑟能核
任何触碰密瑟能核球体部分的生物必须进行一次DC22的体质豁免。豁免失败者将受到180（20d10+70）光耀伤害，豁免成功则伤害减半。不死生物在这次豁免中拥有劣势。除了用来放置它的托架，其他任何接触到球体部分的物件将被立刻解离（不进行豁免）。