命令植物护咒CHARM  OF  PLANT  COMMAND
奇物，珍惜（需同调）
这个拳头大小的护咒由一束银线系住的干枯植物茎干制成。上面挂着皮带，通常是挂在脖子或者腰带上。
该护咒具有3发充能。当你带着护咒的时候，你能以一个动作消耗1发充能施展植物交谈。在法术持续期间，你在影响植物的行为举止、态度方面进行的魅力检定具有优势。该护咒在每天黎明时回复所有消耗的充能。
Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement)
This fist-sized charm is made from a bundle
of dried plant stems wrapped in silver thread. Hung on a leather thong, it is
typically worn around the neck or attached to a belt.
This charm has 3 charges. While you bear
the charm, you can expend 1 charge as an action to cast the speak with plants
spell. For the duration of the spell, you also have advantage on Charisma
checks made to influence the behavior, demeanor. and attitude of plants. The
charm regains all expended charges at dawn each day.
(Tammeraut's Fate)
被诅咒的幸运石CURSED  LUCKSTONE
奇物，非普通（需同调）
这颗扁平，灰黑相间的卵石刻着一个未知的神秘符号，触感冰凉。携带这颗石头时，你在你所选择的一项属性检定中获得优势。直到下一个黎明，这颗石头被无法再次使用。
诅咒 ：这一物品受到诅咒。与它同调会使你被诅咒，直到你被作为目标施展一个移除诅咒或类似的法术。在你被诅咒时，你无法抛弃这颗石头，它会立即传送回你的口袋或者包中。当你使用了石头的魔力之后，你之后的两次属性检定具有劣势。
CURSED  LUCKSTONE
Wondrous item. uncommon (requires
attunement)
This flat, gray-and-black river stone is
inscribed with an unknown arcane symbol and feels cool to the touch. While
carrying the stone. you can gain advantage on one ability check of your
choice.The stone can't be used this way again until the next dawn.
Curse.  This item is cursed. Attuning
to it curses you until you are targeted by a remove curse  spell or
similar magic. As long as you remain cursed, you can not discard the stone,
which immediately teleports back into your pocket or pack. After you use the
stone's magic, your next two ability checks are made with disadvantage.
(The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh)
水下行动头盔
HELM  OF  UNDERWATER  ACTION
奇物，非普通
当戴着这顶黄铜头盔时，你能在水下呼吸，你获得60尺的黑暗视觉，并获得30尺的游泳速度。
Wondrous item, uncommon (requires
attunement)
While wearing this brass helmet, you can
breathe underwater, you gain dark vision with a range of 60 feet, and you gain
a swimming speed of 30 feet.  (Danger al Dunwater, Tammeraut's  Fare)
回忆烟斗PIPE  OF  REMEMBRANCE
奇物，普通
这支狭长精致的木制烟管配有一个由光滑河石制成的斗部。当烟斗被点燃时，它呼出的烟雾不会散去，而是在持有者周围萦绕徘徊。在10分钟后，烟雾的形态变化并在五分钟里重现出持有者最为深刻和英勇的事迹。当这一栩栩如生的表演结束时，烟雾随之消散。
该烟斗直到第二日黎明无法被以这种方式再次使用。
Wondrous item, common
This long, delicate wooden pipe features a
bowl made from smooth river stone. When the pipe is  lit,smoke exhaled
from it does not dissipate, instead lingering around the bearer. After 10
minutes, the smoke forms moving shapes that reenact the bearer's most
impressive and heroic achievements for 5 minutes. When this realistic
performance is complete, the smoke dissipates. The pipe can't be used this way
again until the next dawn.  (The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh)
压力胶囊PRESSURE  CAPSULE
奇物，非普通
这个小小的胶囊由蜜蜡与沙子以及多种具有魔力的水生植物制成。一个吃下压力胶囊的生物能够无视在100尺之下更深的水中游泳的效应。（见城主指南第五章中的“非常规环境”）。
Wondrous item, common
This small capsule is made of beeswax
blended with sand and a variety of enchanted water plants. A creature who
consumes a pressure capsule ignores the effects of swimming at depths greater
than 100 feet (see "Unusual Environments" in chapter 5 of the
Dungeon Master's Guide). (Tammeraut's Fate)
瑟寇拉尊像SEKOLAHIAN  WORSHIPING  STATUETTE
奇物 普通
这个一尺高的小雕像由砂岩精美雕刻而成，描绘出一只在水中扭动、张开血盆大口的鲨鱼形象。一旦有任何微型海生动物在雕像的嘴边1尺内，这条鲨鱼就会突然浮现出生命并对其造成1点穿刺伤害。这条鲨鱼每个小时内只能这样造成一次伤害。
Wondrous item. common
Skillfully carved from sandstone, this
1-foot-tall statuette depicts a shark twisting through the water with its mouth
open. If any Tiny sea-dwelling animal is within linch of the statuette's mouth,
the shark flashes to life and deals 1 piercing damage to it. The shark can deal
damage in this way no more than once per hour.  (The Final Enemy)