Fighter战士
[NEW] Does the fighter’s Action Surge feature let you take an extra bonus action, in
addition to an extra action? Action Surge gives you an extra action, not an extra
bonus action. (Recent printings of the Player’s
Handbook no longer include the wording that provoked this question.)
Q：战士的“动作如潮”能力除了让你获得一个动作之外，会附带一个附赠动作吗？
A：不会。“动作如潮”只提供一个动作，不提供附赠动作。（新版PHB已经删除了会引起歧义的说法）
Can a fighter have two fighting styles
active at once? Dueling and Defense, for example. You can benefit from more
than one Fighting Style option at a time, as long as they don’t have conflicting requirements, as Dueling and Great Weapon
Fighting do.
Q：战士可以同时获得两种战斗风格的好处吗？例如：决斗和防御。
A：只要前提条件都满足，你就可以同时从多个战斗风格获益。
Does the Archery fighting style work with a
melee weapon that you throw? No, the Archery feature benefits ranged weapons. A
melee weapon, such as a dagger or handaxe, is still a melee weapon when you
make a ranged attack with it.
Q：箭术战斗风格对投掷近战武器生效吗？
A：不。箭术风格只对远程武器生效。近战武器如匕首和手斧，即使在投掷时依然是近战武器。
Is the Dueling fighting style intended to
support a shield? Yes. A character with the Dueling option usually pairs a
one-handed weapon with a shield, a spellcasting focus, or a free hand.
Q：决斗战斗风格支持使用盾牌吗？
A：支持。选择决斗风格的人通常一手持单手武器，另一手持盾，或是持法器，或是什么都不拿。
If you use Great Weapon Fighting with a
feature like Divine Smite or a spell like hex, do you get to reroll any 1 or 2
you roll for the extra damage? The Great Weapon Fighting feature―which is shared by fighters and paladins―is
meant to benefit only the damage roll of the weapon used with the feature. For
example, if you use a greatsword with the feature, you can reroll any 1 or 2
you roll on the weapon’s 2d6. If you’re a paladin and use Divine Smite with the greatsword, Great Weapon
Fighting doesn’t let you reroll a 1 or 2 that you roll
for the damage of Divine Smite.
Q：至圣斩或是脆弱诅咒的额外伤害可以应用重武器战斗风格的重投吗？
A：重武器战斗风格只对武器的伤害骰生效。例如，一个圣武士使用巨剑攻击并使用至圣斩时，你只能重投巨剑2d6伤害骰中出现的1或2。
If my Battle Master fighter provokes an
opportunity attack and it misses, can I use Riposte? Yes, you can use the
Riposte maneuver in response to an opportunity attack that misses you, assuming
your reaction is available.
Q：如果一个战斗大师范型的战士引发了敌人的借机攻击但没有被命中，他可以使用反击战技吗？
A：可以。只要你还有反应可用，你就可以在借机攻击没有命中你时使用反击战技。
Does the “when” in the Eldritch Knight’s War Magic feature
mean the bonus attack comes after you cast the cantrip, or can it come before?
The bonus action comes after the cantrip, since using your action to cast a
cantrip is what gives you the ability to make the weapon attack as a bonus
action. That said, a DM would break nothing in the system by allowing an
Eldritch Knight to reverse the order of the cantrip and the weapon attack.
Q：奥法骑士的“战斗施法”能力是否要求必须先施展戏法，再用附赠动作进行攻击？
A：因为用你的动作施展戏法是允许你用附赠动作进行攻击的前提，所以施展戏法是在附赠动作攻击之前的。不过，就算DM允许你反过来也不会对游戏造成什么影响。
If my Eldritch Knight casts true strike and
has the War Magic feature, is the attack granted by War Magic made with
advantage because of true strike? No. The attack from War Magic is made
normally, and you get the benefit of true strike on your next turn if the spell
hasn’t ended.
Q：一个有“战斗施法”能力的奥法骑士施展“克敌机先”后，“战斗施法”提供的附赠动作攻击是否会受“克敌机先”影响？
A：不会。“战斗施法”提供的攻击没有变化，你下一回合才会获得“克敌机先”的好处（如果那时法术没有结束的话）。
Monk武僧
If a monk uses a staff or another versatile
weapon two-handed, does it still count as a monk weapon? Yes. A monk weapon
must lack the two-handed property, but nothing prevents a monk from wielding
such a weapon with two hands. Fundamentally, a monk weapon counts as such no
matter how a monk uses it.
Q：如果武僧用双手挥舞一根木棍或是其他两用武器，它还算是武僧武器吗？
A：算。武僧武器不能有双手属性，但武僧完全可以双手使用一把两用武器。无论武僧怎么用，武僧武器就是武僧武器。
The dart is not classified as a monk
weapon, yet a monk gets 10 darts as starting equipment. Why is that? Starting
equipment often lends versatility to a character. In this case, a monk’s darts provide a ranged attack option, not a Martial Arts option.
Q：飞镖并不是武僧武器，那为什么武僧的起始装备里有10枚飞镖？
A：起始装备为角色提供了泛用性。虽然飞镖不是武僧武器，但它给武僧提供了一种远程攻击手段。
Does the Martial Arts feature turn monk
weapons and unarmed strikes into finesse weapons? No. The feature grants a
benefit that is similar to the finesse property, but the feature doesn’t confer that property.
Q：“武艺”能力是否让武僧武器和徒手打击视为灵巧武器？
A：不。“武艺”提供类似灵巧武器的效果，但并不能等同于灵巧属性。
When a monk using Deflect Missiles catches
and throws a projectile, what is the damage of the attack? A missile counts as
a monk weapon if it is thrown using Deflect Missiles; it deals its damage or
Martial Arts damage (the monk’s choice).
Q：武僧使用“拨挡飞弹”抓住并扔出的射击物伤害是多少？
A：武僧使用“拨挡飞弹”抓住并扔出的射击物视同武僧武器。他可以选择使用射击物本身的伤害或是他“武艺”的伤害。
[NEW] Can a monk use Stunning Strike with
an unarmed strike, even though unarmed strikes aren’t
weapons? Yes. Stunning Strike works with melee weapon attacks, and an unarmed
strike is a special type of melee weapon attack.
The game often makes exceptions to general
rules, and this is an important exception: that unarmed strikes count as melee
weapon attacks despite not being weapons.
Q：即使徒手打击不算武器，武僧也可以用徒手打击发动“震慑拳”吗？
A：是的。近战武器攻击可以发动震慑拳，而徒手打击是一种特殊的近战武器攻击。这是通用规则的例外：即使徒手打击不算武器，用它发动的攻击依然算近战武器攻击。
When a monk uses Empty Body, does the
invisibility remain in effect after the monk attacks? Yes. The invisibility of
the monk’s Empty Body isn’t
ended by the monk attacking.
Q：武僧使用“空灵体”获得的隐形效果会因为发动攻击而消失吗？
A：不会。
Does a monk’s
Purity of Body feature grant immunity to poison damage, the poisoned condition,
or both? That feature grants immunity to both. As a result, a monk with Purity
of Body can, for example, inhale a green dragon’s
poison breath unharmed. Similarly, the monk is unaffected by ray of sickness,
which both deals poison damage and imposes the poisoned condition.
Q：武僧的“百病不侵”提供中毒状态免疫，还是毒素伤害免疫，还是两者都有？
A：两者都有。获得“百病不侵”的武僧可以承受绿龙的毒素喷吐而不受伤。“致病射线”的毒素伤害和中毒状态也都对他无效。
Can the monk’s Open
Hand Technique push a Large or larger creature or knock it prone? The Open Hand
Technique intentionally ignores creature size. A monk’s
ki fuels many extraordinary effects! If a feature is limited by creature size,
the feature tells you so.
Q：武僧的“散打技巧”可以把大型或更大的生物推开或击倒吗？
A：可以。“散打技巧”特意没有写生物体型。武僧的气能产生很多神奇的效果！限制体型的能力会特别注明的。
Does a monk need to spend any ki points to
cast the minor illusion cantrip granted by the Shadow Arts feature? No. The ki
point cost in the feature applies only to the other spells in it.
Q：暗影宗武僧施展暗影技艺中的“次级幻影”戏法是否需要消耗气？
A：不需要。
For a Way of Shadow monk, can their silence
be dispelled? A spell is a spell, no matter its source. When you cast a spell
through a feature, the spell is subject to the normal spellcasting rules,
unless the feature says otherwise.
Q：暗影宗武僧施展的沉默术可以被解除吗？
A：无论用何种方式施展，法术都是法术。当你使用某种职业能力施展法术时，除非有特殊书名，否则它依然要遵循通常的施法规则。
Can a monk of the Way of the Four Elements
replace Elemental Attunement with another elemental discipline? Yes. Even
though you know Elemental Attunement automatically, without having to choose
it, you can exchange it for a different discipline at 6th, 11th, or 17th level.
Q：四象宗武僧可以把“元素同调”换成其他其他法门吗？
A：可以。即使“元素同调”是自动获得的，你依然可以在6级、11级、17级把它替换成其他法门。
Paladin圣武士
Would a Paladin’s
Divine Sense register a tiefling due to their infernal heritage? A tiefling is
a humanoid, not a fiend, and therefore escapes the notice of Divine Sense. The
feature detects creatures that have the celestial, fiend, or undead creature
type.
Q：圣武士的“神圣感知”能感知到有邪魔血统的提夫林吗？
A：提夫林是类人生物，而非邪魔，因此无法被“神圣感知”发现。“神圣感知”只能发现生物类别为天界生物、邪魔、不死生物的生物。
Can my paladin use a smite spell along with
Divine Smite? As in, I cast wrathful smite, hit, then use Divine Smite on the
same attack? Yes, you can use Divine Smite on the same weapon attack that
benefits from a smite spell, such as wrathful smite―as
long as the attack you make after casting the smite spell is a melee weapon
attack. Divine Smite doesn’t work with any other kind
of attack.
Q：圣武士可以在使用某种“打击”法术的同时使用“至圣斩”吗？例如，我可以施展“激愤斩”命中敌人，并且在同义词攻击中使用“至圣斩”吗？
A：可以。你可以在施展“打击”法术后的武器攻击中使用“至圣斩”，不过要注意至圣斩只能应用在近战武器攻击上。