鬼婆对凡人的灵魂不感兴趣，她们只想让凡人在活着的时候堕落，作为她们完成这一交易的结束魔鬼以灵魂为商品进行交换；而鬼婆则是因为享受令他人痛苦而进行交易夜鬼婆，她们从精类转变成了邪魔之后，使用这两种方式以各个方面来腐化凡人的梦境，直到这个生物做出足够邪恶的行为，她们就能占有其灵魂尽管很喜欢提供和执行她的交易，但鬼婆很少外出找人做交易，因为她知道有人来找她会使她处于主动地位拜访者通常不得不秘密接近鬼婆，以免在镇上引起骚动，并且可能渴望在被挂念之前回到家中，这给过程增加了时间压力，使天平更加如愿地倾向于鬼婆鬼婆会提出一个看似合理的条件，其中也许看起来有一两个凡人可以利用的漏洞，但所有的因素都有助于她为交易设置条件鬼婆了解凡人的欲望和缺陷，并制定如何通过抓住这些品质来操纵他人一项鬼婆的交易或许会在一段时间内带来成功和繁荣，但最终都会有缺陷或者副作用，迫使凡人怨恨这项交易并尝试摆脱它现在乐于呆在家里的轻浮伴侣可能会变得懒惰，市长的父亲可能会在恢复知觉后变得暴力，如果不每隔几个月再次治疗，商人的孩子可能会旧病复发即使对一个凡人来说交易变得恶劣，镇上的其他人听见或者看到这个人的不幸遭遇，鬼婆最终还是会吸引到新的顾客其他人会相信他们可以比鬼婆更聪明，或者他们的需求很简单，或者之前的受害者在交易过程中过于贪婪就算每年都只有一两个人与一个鬼婆做交易，随着时间的推移，也会有许多不幸的人处于她的支配之下，鬼婆会记得每一笔交易的具体条款Hags delight in corrupting others. They doso  not by imposing their will  or  being outwardly violent, butby making sinister  bargains  with those who  seek  theiraid. This desire to orchestrate  the  downfall  ofothers  is why so  many hags make  their  homesnear  humanoid settlements, which gives  them  a ready supplyof  creatures  to tantalize  and  torment.Folk with nowhere else to  turn  are  some  of a hag's bestcustomers. A farmer with a philandering  spouse might  seek  outthe local  hag  for a potion to  make  the spousefaithful again.  The  mayor with a demented  fathermight  ask  the hag for something that  makes  him lucidagain. A merchant whose child is deathly  ill  might go tothe  hag  for a cure.  The  common element in  thesesituations is  that  the  mortals  approach  thehag  for help; despite knowing  that  she  is eviland  dangerous, they  are desperate enough to  risk  makinga bargain with her,  or foolish enough to  think  theycan  persuade  her  to be helpful without gettingsomething  in  return.Hags  make  bargains differently from how devils operate. A devilmight approach a mortal to make a deal because it wants the individual tobecome tainted with evil,  so  that  when  the  victimdies its soul goes to the Nine Hells. Hags  are  usually content towait  and  conduct their  own business, allowingmortals  to come to  them when  the  perceivedneed  is  great  enough. Instead  of being interested in amortal's soul, a  hag  wants  to bring the mortal low during itslife  as  compensation for fulfilling  her  end  ofthe bargain. Devils  barter  with  the  soul  asthe  commodity;  hags  barter  because  they enjoymaking people miserable. Night hags,  as  fey  turnedfiends,  use aspects  of both  methods-corrupting  amortal' s  dreams until  the  creature  commits enough evilacts  that  she  can claim its soul.As much  as  she  enjoys offering  andenforcing  her  bargains, a  hag  rarely goes out lookingfor people to  make deals with because  she  knowsthat  someone coming to  her  puts  her  in a positionof power.  The  visitor likely had to approach  thehag  in  secret  for fear of causing  an uproar  intown,  and  is probably  eager  to  return  homebefore being missed, which adds time  pressure  to  theprocess  and  tips  the  balance more in  thehag's favor. All these  factors contribute to the  hag's  beingable to  set  her terms  for  the  bargain,presenting  an  offer  that  appears reasonable, andperhaps  seems  to have a tempting loophole  or  twothat  the  mortal could exploit.Hags  understand  mortal  desires  and  vices,and  know how to manipulate people by preying  on  thosequalities. A hag's bargain might bring  success  and  prosperityfor a time, but eventually have a drawback  or  side effectthat  makes  the  mortal  resent  theagreement  and  seek to get out of it.  The  philanderingspouse now happy to stay home might grow slothful, the mayor's fathermight  turn  violent after regaining his  senses,and  the merchant's child might relapse if not treated again every fewmonths.Even  when  a bargain  turns  sour  for a mortaland  other people in town  hear  about  or  seethe  person's misfortune,  the  hag  will eventuallyattract  new  customers. Other people will come to believethat  they  can  outsmart the  hag,  orthat  their  need  is simple  and  can't beperverted,  or  that  the earlier victims got too greedywhen they  were  proposing a deal. Even  if  only oneor  two people make deals with a  hag  every year, over timemany unfortunates  can  come  under  hersway-and  she  remembers  the exact  terms  of everyone of those bargains.出于欲望MAKING  A  DEAL  OUT  OF  DESIRE尽管有人认为和鬼婆做交易没有任何好处，但如果凡人能提供鬼婆需要或者想要的什么东西，他们就更有可能完好地从中脱身这种情况下，鬼婆甚至可能开始出价例如，一个鬼婆巢穴中的大多数宝藏在没有她关于如何识别和处理它们的知识情况下都是无用的，因此她可能会提供这些信息作为她性命的交换如果一个物品后来对其使用者产生了适得其反的效果，或者实际被某种方式诅咒，这就是为什么永远不要威胁或信任一个鬼婆的另一个教训在特别需要的时候，鬼婆常常意想不到地出现，因为她们总是监视和寻找一个提供帮助的机会，并为以后埋下更黑暗的祸根