在没有神眷的情况下，半蛛人能够很好的为卓尔工作，如果卓尔发现一个独立的半蛛人群体并想要渗入其中，半蛛人就能十分有用然而，一旦制造的过程中产生了半蛛神眷，卓尔就会立即摧毁这个生物As  the  drow  continued to performthe  rituals,  the  process  usually transformedthe  subject into the spindly,  stunted  creature  theyexpected. Occasionally, though,  the  elf  changed  into amonstrosity that was  more  spider  than  elf, resemblingLolth in  her  spider form,  and  more  cunningthan  a chitine,  that  the  drow dubbed a choldrith.At first,  the  drow  wereunaware  that the new creatures  were  signs of Lolth'sdispleasure with them.Instead, they were pleased,because  choldriths could lay  eggs  that  birthed morechitines (and  the  rare  choldrith)  and  coulddirect  the  chitines in  their  work. But thedark  elves  came  to realize their mistake- choldriths belongedto Lolth, body  and  soul. They whispered to the  chitines oftheir adoration of  the  Spider  Queen  and their enmity ofthe drow,  and  the  seeds  of a rebellion tookroot  and  grew.  The  chitines  andcholdriths  rose  up against their would-be masters;  soonafterward  most  of the  creatures  were free,and  a  number  of the  drow  who helpedbreed  and  tend  them  were dead.Nowadays,  drow  still create chitineswhen  they have need  to. Outside the  presence  of acholdrith, chitins make good workers for  the  drow,  andthey  can  be useful if  the  drow find  anindependent chitine colony  and  want to infiltrate it. If thecreation  process  yields a choldrith, though,  thedrow  destroy  the  creature  immediately.罗丝的选民Lolth's Chosen.  半蛛神眷生来就对罗丝有着狂热的信仰，这让她们具备一些神术上的能力她们宣扬说，半蛛人是罗丝的宠儿，而半蛛神眷是蜘蛛女王在世界上正当的代表，来将半蛛人从奴役中释放尽管神眷和半蛛人都不具备性征，而半蛛神眷不需要交配就能产卵，这些生物还是选择了自己女神的性别身份神眷们也相信并教导罗丝的蜘蛛形态，就像神眷的形态一样，是她真正的形态任何半蛛人聚集地的偶像都是这样描述罗丝的作为罗丝的仆从，半蛛神眷和半蛛人热爱蜘蛛和其他类似蜘蛛的生物她们饲养蜘蛛和类似的节肢动物，比如穴钓蟹半蛛人群落将罗丝像灯塔一样供奉在神龛内，吸引蜘蛛和其他侍奉她的邪恶野性的存在任何半蛛人建立了群落的地方，都会很快成为一个蛛网遍布、阴森和危险之地劇透 -   :Choldriths  are  born  with a fanaticaldevotion to Lolth, which leads  them  to develop some  skill indivine magic. They preach  that  chitins are  Lolth's favoredpeople,  and  that  choldriths  are  the SpiderQueen's rightful worldly representatives  sent  to free the chitinesfrom slavery. Although choldriths  and chitines lack sexualcharacteristics,  and  choldriths need no  mate  to layeggs,  these  creatures  choose  the  genderidentity  of  their goddess. Choldriths also believe  andteach  that  Lolth's spider form, much like that of a choldrith,is  her  truest  shape. Any idol to Lolth in a chitine colonydepicts Lolth in  this  way.As servants ofLolth, choldriths  and  chitines love spiders  andspiderlike creatures. They  rear  spiders and similar arachnids,such  as  cave fishers. Chitine colonies erect  shrines  toLolth that serve  as  beacons, attracting spiders  andother evil, brutish beings that serve  her .Anywhere chitinesset  up a colony quickly  becomes  a web-shrouded, gloomy,and  treacherous place.引用外表看似蜘蛛，但半蛛人的群落却表现得更像蚁群所有的成员遵从一位女王，女王则尊罗丝为女王而罗丝则是怒火与残忍冲动的集合——伊尔明斯特社群蜘蛛Communal  Spiders.  半蛛人和半蛛神眷与蜘蛛相似，但她们表现得则更像群居性的昆虫，比如蚂蚁半蛛人分为工人和战士阶级，而神眷则占据了群落阶级的顶层每一个半蛛人都有一个社会地位，伴随着与之相关的职责，所有的半蛛人都愿意牺牲自己来保护神眷每个半蛛人都有喷丝器官，并缓慢地产生用于建造地板、墙壁、结构、物体和陷阱的网状物，这些都有利于保护群落一个战士可能要负责制作网甲（像兽皮或皮革一样坚硬），而一群工人可能会挖掘陷阱，用易碎的带子盖住它，伪装成松散的泥土，看起来像一个坚实的表面一个群落可以支持许多神眷，作为指挥官，牧师和管理者神眷不断争夺地位，尽管她们很少以会将群落至于险地的方式彼此对抗群落由一位君主统治，她决定群落成员进行何种任务，包括她和其他神眷是否允许产卵如果这位至高的统治者从罗丝那里收到一个愿景，她可能会改变群落的整体行动安排那时，半蛛人会从幽暗地域迁出，定居在遥远的，阴暗的地表，在那里他们能够和其他的物种，尤其是卓尔精灵和精灵开战Chitines  and  choldriths resemble spiders, butthey behave more like social  insects such  as  ants.Chitines  are  divided into worker  and  warriorcastes,  and  choldriths occupy the top levels of a colony'shierarchy. Each chitine has a social position that comes with duties relatedto  that  rank,  and  all chitins are  expected towillingly sacrifice themselves to protect the  choldriths. Everychitine  has  spinnerets  and  slowly produces webbingthat  is  used  to build floors, walls, structures,objects,  and  traps  that benefit  and  protectthe  colony. A  warrior  might  be  responsible forcrafting web  armor  (which is  as  tough  ashide  or  leather), while a group of workers might betasked  to dig a pit  trap  and cover it with fragile webbingdisguised with loose  dirt  to appear  as  a solidsurface.A colony  can  supportnumerous  choldriths, which serve  as  commanders,priests,  and  supervisors.  The choldriths continually jockeyfor position, although they rarely confront one  another  in a waythat  puts  the  colony  at  risk.  The